docs(peering): remove beta references (#15340)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/connect/cluster-peering/index.mdx

| Forwards service requests for service discovery    |    &#9989;     |    &#10060;     |
| Shares key/value stores                            |    &#9989;     |    &#10060;     |

## Important Cluster Peering Constraints

Consider the following technical constraints:

- Services with node, instance, and check definitions totaling more than 50MB cannot be exported to a peer.

> - Two admin partitions in the same datacenter cannot be peered. Consider using [`exported-services`](/docs/connect/config-entries/exported-services#exporting-services-to-peered-clusters) directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Two admin partitions in the same datacenter cannot be peered. Use [`exported-services`](/docs/connect/config-entries/exported-services#exporting-services-to-peered-clusters) directly.
```
